{\rtf0\ansi{\fonttbl\f0\fnil Times-Roman;\f1\ftech Symbol;\f2\fswiss Helvetica;\f3\fmodern Courier;\f4\fmodern Ohlfs;}
\paperw17700
\paperh9000
\margl120
\margr120
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;}
\pard\tx480\tx960\tx1460\tx1940\tx2440\tx2920\tx3420\tx3900\tx4400\tx4880\f0\b0\i0\ulnone\fs24\fc0\cf0 Release 0.9 Beta  Copyright 
\f1 ã
\f0 1995 by Guerino Mazzola.  All Rights Reserved.\

\f2\b\qc\fs28 \
\
How melo C routines work\

\ql \

\pard\tx1040\tx2100\tx3160\tx4220\tx5280\tx6320\tx7380\tx8440\tx9500\tx10560\fc0\cf0 \
\
melomath.c\

\b0\fs24 This file defines the auxiliary functions of general mathematical type like set-theoretic constructions.
\b\fs28 \

\b0\fs24 \
\

\b\fs28 General procedure:\

\b0\fs24 We are given the following data which is defined in melomain.c:\

\fs28 \

\f3\fs24 2D_compList composition;	/*A "melody" predicate containing \
				 *double-parametrized 2D resp. onset-pitch points. \
				 *The list contains its points only once, and, \
				 *if possible, but not necessarily, ordered according to\
				 *the lexicographic order of (onset,pitch).\
				 */\
M2D_powcomList BigMeloList 	/*A list of "melody" predicates*/\
double epsilon;		/*The neighborhood radius*/\
int paradigm;			/*The integer representing one of the three types of shape and distance.\
				 *1 = diastematic index, 2 = elastic, 3 = rigid.*/\
int group;			/*Ond of the usual subgroups of the counterpoint group:\
				 *'I' = identity, \
				 *'K' = <retrograde>, \
				 *'U' = <inversion>, \
				 *'KU' = full counterpoint group*/ \
int card;			/*The lower limit of cardinality of motifs to be considered, card= 2 is default*/\
double span;			/*The upper limit of distance between first and last onset of a motif©s point*/\

\f2\fs28 \

\fs24 The special types are declared in melo.h\
\
According to GLP and GLPII, the weight \
\

\f3 melMotifWeight(2D_compList motif, 2D_comList composition, double span\
				double epsilon, int paradigm, int group, int card)\

\f2 \
\
of each 
\f3 motif
\f2  of 
\f3 meloList
\f2  is calculated as a function of the neighborhood 
\f3 epsilon
\f2 , the gestalt type 
\f3 paradigm
\f2 , the counterpoint-subgroup 
\f3 group
\f2 , the minimal cardinality 
\f3 card
\f2  of considered motifs and the maximal allowed distance 
\f3 span
\f2  between the first and the last note of a motif.\
\
This motif©s weight is the product\
\

\f3 content * presence\

\f2 \
of the motif©s content and presence. They are weighted sums of the given members of admitted sub- resp. supermotifs of the motif which relate to its epsilon neighborhood with regard to the selected paradigm and group.\
\
Next, the weight \
\

\f3 double melPtWeight(2D_Point P, 2D_compList composition, double epsilon, double span, int paradigm, int group, int card) \

\f2 \
of each point 
\f3 P
\f2  is given as the sum of the weights of the admissible motifs (list  built from 
\f3 compositon
\f2 ) containing that point.\
\
This approach generalizes the GLPII implementation in so far as the 
\f3 composition
\f2  need no longer be a melody. It may be any set of onset-pitch-defined sounds. More generally, it may be any set of 2D-sounds. This means that in reality, this analysis also works for any couple of 
\f3\fc1\cf1 double
\f2\fc0\cf0  coordinates, i.e. the melody may live within any 2D-space! Thus, one may do "articulation melody analysis". However, the meaning of such an analysis is not straightforward.\
\
Finally, the weight \
\

\f3\fc1\cf1 M2D_weightList  BigMeloWeightList(M2D_powcomList BigMeloList,
\fc0\cf0  double epsilon, double span, int paradigm, int group, int card)
\f2 \
\
of a list 
\f3\fc1\cf1 BigMeloList 
\f2 of melodies is calculated as being the union of the individual weight lists, but with each point with added weights for all melodies where it belongs to.
\fc0\cf0 \
\
\
\

}
